Skip to main content
Documentation
Technology areas
Cross-product tools
Related sites
/
Console
Sign in
Contact Us
Start free
Google Cloud Documentation home
Get started with Google Cloud
Product list
Integrated AI assistance with Gemini for Google Cloud
Recent release notes
Cloud Customer Care
Cross-product tools
Generative AI
AI and ML
Application development
Application hosting
Compute
Data analytics
Databases
Distributed, hybrid, and multicloud
Industry solutions
Networking
Overview of networking
Connectivity
Scalability
Networking security
Networking observability
Selected related product
Observability and monitoring
Security
Storage
On this page
Virtual Private Cloud overview
Choosing a Network Connectivity product
Choose a load balancer
Network Intelligence Center
Networking planning resources
Reference architectures for Virtual Private Cloud design
Hybrid and multicloud planning resources
Networking news, updates, and best practices
Network engineer learning path
Network engineer certification
Networking

Documentation and resources for Google Cloud products that connect your networks and workloads, load balance traffic, and help secure your network.

Get started for free
Start your proof of concept with $300 in free credit
Get access to Gemini 2.0 Flash Thinking
Free monthly usage of popular products, including AI APIs and BigQuery
No automatic charges, no commitment
Explore networking in Google Cloud 
Documentation and resources for Google Cloud products that connect your networks and workloads, load balance traffic, and secure your network.
description
Virtual Private Cloud overview
Deploy and connect resources in a virtual version of a physical network.
description
Choosing a Network Connectivity product
Choose how to connect your other networks to Google Cloud.
description
Choose a load balancer
Choose a load balancer for your workload.
description
Network Intelligence Center
Observe, monitor, and troubleshoot your Google Cloud network and project resources using a single Google Cloud console.
account_tree
Networking planning resources
Plan your networking approach with resources across a variety of networking topics.open_in_new
account_tree
Reference architectures for Virtual Private Cloud design
Planning guide for cloud network architects and system architects familiar with Google Cloud networking concepts.
account_tree
Hybrid and multicloud planning resources
Planning resources across a wide variety of hybrid and multicloud subjects.open_in_new
expand_lessLess
Training, blog articles, and more
Go to training courses, blog articles, and other related resources.
cloud
Networking news, updates, and best practices
View news, updates, and best practices for Google Cloud networking products and services.open_in_new
school
Network engineer learning path
Study configuring, maintaining, and troubleshooting network components of your cloud-based infrastructure.open_in_new
school
Network engineer certification
Get certified as a Google Cloud network engineer.open_in_new
Networking products by use case
Expand sections or use the filter to find products and guides for typical use cases.
Connectivity

Set up your Virtual Private Cloud network and connect it to your other networks.

Core networking
Virtual Private Cloud
Scale and control how workloads connect regionally and globally.
Private Service Connect
Access managed services, including Google APIs and services, privately from consumer VPC networks. Host managed services in producer VPC networks.
Cloud NAT
Initiate outbound connections to the internet or to other VPC networks from VM instances and other resources.
Network Service Tiers
Optimize connectivity between systems on the internet and your Google Cloud instances.
Hybrid networking
Network Connectivity Center
Connect and manage your networks with a hub-and-spoke architecture, transfer data between your sites, and create VPC spokes to connect VPC networks.
Cloud VPN
Securely connect your peer network to Google's network through an IPsec Cloud VPN tunnel or connect two VPCs together by connecting two Cloud VPN gateways.
Cloud Interconnect
Connect your VPC networks and your other networks with low-latency, high-availability connections.
Cloud Router
Dynamically exchange routes between your VPC network and a peered networking using Border Gateway Protocol (BGP).
Scalability

Make your services available at scale to your internal or external customers.

Networking security

Block unauthorized traffic and implement threat prevention and detection services.

Networking observability

Monitor and troubleshoot your Google Cloud network.

Related products, guides, and sites
Google Kubernetes Engine networking guide
Plan your GKE networking infrastructure.
Compute Engine networking guide
Learn about networking for Google Cloud virtual machines.
Internal DNS guide
Configure internal DNS for your Google Cloud virtual machines.
SSH connections guide
Connect to your Google Cloud virtual machines using SSH.
VLANs and subnets on Google Cloud VMware Engine guide
Configure VLAN and subnets on VMware Engine.
Virtual Private Cloud access for serverless
Send outbound traffic from Cloud Run to a VPC network.
Cloud Service Mesh
Implement a service mesh on-premises or on Google Cloud, using open source or Google Cloud APIs.
Encryption in transit
Implement a suite of tools to monitor and manage a reliable service mesh on-premises or on Google Cloud.
Cloud Storage
Store objects with global edge caching.

Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see the Google Developers Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Last updated 2025-07-09 UTC.

Why Google
Choosing Google Cloud
Trust and security
Modern Infrastructure Cloud
Multicloud
Global infrastructure
Customers and case studies
Analyst reports
Whitepapers
Products and pricing
See all products
See all solutions
Google Cloud for Startups
Google Cloud Marketplace
Google Cloud pricing
Contact sales
Support
Google Cloud Community
Support
Release Notes
System status
Resources
GitHub
Getting Started with Google Cloud
Google Cloud documentation
Code samples
Cloud Architecture Center
Training and Certification
Developer Center
Engage
Blog
Events
X (Twitter)
Google Cloud on YouTube
Google Cloud Tech on YouTube
Become a Partner
Google Cloud Affiliate Program
Press Corner
About Google
Privacy
Site terms
Google Cloud terms
Our third decade of climate action: join us
Sign up for the Google Cloud newsletter
Subscribe