Skip to main content
Documentation
Technology areas
Cross-product tools
Related sites
/
Console
Sign in
Contact Us
Start free
Google Cloud Documentation home
Get started with Google Cloud
Product list
Integrated AI assistance with Gemini for Google Cloud
Recent release notes
Cloud Customer Care
Cross-product tools
Generative AI
AI and ML
Application development
Application hosting
Compute
Data analytics
Databases
Distributed, hybrid, and multicloud
Industry solutions
Networking
Observability and monitoring
Security
Storage
Overview of storage
Backing up your data resources
Storage solutions
Data transfer
On this page
Cloud Storage overview
Filestore overview
Backup and DR overview
NetApp Volumes overview
Storage for GKE clusters overview
Storage options for Compute Engine
NetApp Volumes PDF
GKE plus Filestore
Get Started with Cloud Storage
Use APIs to Work with Cloud Storage
NetApp: Build, Protect, and Govern your Data Infrastructure
Decision tree for storage workloads
Storage

Documentation and resources for data storage on Google Cloud, including transfer, backup, and disaster recovery solutions.

Get started for free
Start your proof of concept with $300 in free credit
Get access to Gemini 2.0 Flash Thinking
Free monthly usage of popular products, including AI APIs and BigQuery
No automatic charges, no commitment
Explore storage in Google Cloud 
Read documentation and Cloud Architecture Center articles about storage products, capabilities, and procedures.
description
Cloud Storage overview
Learn about Cloud Storage, including how it works and what tools you can use to store your data.
description
Filestore overview
Learn about Filestore as a network-attached file storage option.
description
Backup and DR overview
Back up and recover your data resources.
description
NetApp Volumes overview
Get fully-managed volume provisioning for your file-based applications.
description
Storage for GKE clusters overview
Learn the storage options that GKE supports and considerations for selecting the best option for your needs.
description
Storage options for Compute Engine
Learn the storage options that Compute Engine supports and considerations for selecting the best option for your needs.
expand_lessLess
Training, blog articles, and more 
Go to training courses, blog articles, and other related resources.
cloud
NetApp Volumes PDF
Learn about how NetApp Volumes provides high-performance file storage for demanding enterprise applications and workloads.open_in_new
cloud
GKE plus Filestore
View an example of how Filestore integration with GKE can significantly accelerate your AI/ML workload performance.open_in_new
school
Get Started with Cloud Storage
Study creating, performing basics tasks, and managing object retention with Cloud Storage.open_in_new
school
Use APIs to Work with Cloud Storage
Study using the gcloud CLI command-line tool, APIs, and the APIs Explorer tool with Cloud Storage.open_in_new
school
NetApp: Build, Protect, and Govern your Data Infrastructure
Study how to store, protect, and govern your data.open_in_new
cloud
Decision tree for storage workloads
View a decision tree to choose storage options to meet your workload needs.open_in_new
expand_lessLess
Storage products by use case
Expand sections or use the filter to find products and guides for typical use cases.
Backing up your data resources

Create and execute backup plans for databases, VMs, and file systems to protect all of your data resources consistently and efficiently.

Backup and DR
A managed backup and disaster recovery (DR) service for centralized and application-consistent data protection.
Backup for GKE
Protect, manage, and restore your containerized applications and data for workloads running on GKE clusters.
Protect and recover VMware VMs
Create and execute backup plans for your VMware VMs.
Protect and recover Microsoft SQL Server databases
Create and execute backup plans for your Microsoft SQL Server databases.
Protect and recover Compute Engine instances
Create and execute backup plans for your Compute Engine instances.
Protect and recover SAP HANA databases in Compute Engine instances
Create and execute backup plans for your SAP HANA databases in Compute Engine instances.
Data backup compliance
Review and report on the backup status of your data resources.
Storage solutions

Choose your block, file, or object storage options.

Data transfer

Transfer your data into, within, or from Google Cloud.

Related products, guides, and sites
Filestore multishares for GKE
Optimize share usage within your Filestore instances.
Migrate your data
Transfer your data from S3 or Azure into Cloud Storage.
Backup for GKE
A service for backing up and restoring workloads in GKE clusters.
What is a data lake?
Store, process, and secure large amounts of structured, semistructured, and unstructured data in its native format and process any variety of it.open_in_new
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Use a powerful, simple, and cost-effective object storage service built for Google scale.open_in_new
Storage Insights inventory reports
Generate inventory reports containing metadata information about your objects.
Google Drive
Store, share, and collaborate on files and folders from your mobile device, tablet, or computer.
Design an optimal storage strategy for your cloud workload
Plan and evaluate the features, design options, and relative advantages of block storage, file storage, and object storage services.open_in_new
Architecture Center storage resources
Plan using content resources across a wide variety of storage subjects.open_in_new

Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see the Google Developers Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Last updated 2025-07-09 UTC.

Why Google
Choosing Google Cloud
Trust and security
Modern Infrastructure Cloud
Multicloud
Global infrastructure
Customers and case studies
Analyst reports
Whitepapers
Products and pricing
See all products
See all solutions
Google Cloud for Startups
Google Cloud Marketplace
Google Cloud pricing
Contact sales
Support
Google Cloud Community
Support
Release Notes
System status
Resources
GitHub
Getting Started with Google Cloud
Google Cloud documentation
Code samples
Cloud Architecture Center
Training and Certification
Developer Center
Engage
Blog
Events
X (Twitter)
Google Cloud on YouTube
Google Cloud Tech on YouTube
Become a Partner
Google Cloud Affiliate Program
Press Corner
About Google
Privacy
Site terms
Google Cloud terms
Our third decade of climate action: join us
Sign up for the Google Cloud newsletter
Subscribe