Skip to main content
Documentation
Technology areas
Cross-product tools
Related sites
/
Console
Sign in
Contact Us
Start free
Google Cloud Documentation home
Get started with Google Cloud
Product list
Integrated AI assistance with Gemini for Google Cloud
Recent release notes
Cloud Customer Care
Cross-product tools
Access and resource management
Costs and usage management
Costs and usage management overview
Monitor and optimize costs
Manage resources and usage
Sustainability
Google Cloud SDK, languages, frameworks, and tools
Infrastructure as code
Migration
Generative AI
AI and ML
Application development
Application hosting
Compute
Data analytics
Databases
Distributed, hybrid, and multicloud
Industry solutions
Networking
Observability and monitoring
Security
Storage
On this page
Google Cloud Well-Architected Framework: Cost optimization
Cloud Billing overview
Cloud Billing reports
Cost management with Google Cloud
Optimize your Google Cloud costs
Exploring cost-optimization for Google Kubernetes Engine virtual machines
A tour of Google Cloud sustainability
Costs and usage management

Documentation and resources for managing costs and usage across Google Cloud products and services.

Get started for free
Start your proof of concept with $300 in free credit
Get access to Gemini 2.0 Flash Thinking
Free monthly usage of popular products, including AI APIs and BigQuery
No automatic charges, no commitment
Explore costs and usage management in Google Cloud 
Read documentation and Cloud Architecture Center articles about costs and usage management products, capabilities, and procedures.
account_tree
Google Cloud Well-Architected Framework: Cost optimization
Plan with best practices to optimize the cost of workloads.open_in_new
description
Cloud Billing overview
Learn about cost management tools that help you track and understand your Google Cloud spending, pay your bill, and optimize your costs.
description
Cloud Billing reports
Get at-a-glance and user-configurable views of your cost history, current cost trends, and forecasted costs with intuitive reports.
Training, blog articles, and more 
Go to training courses, blog articles, and other related resources.
play_circle
Cost management with Google Cloud
Get best practices for monitoring, controlling, and optimizing your costs with Google Cloud's cost management tools.open_in_new
school
Optimize your Google Cloud costs
Study Google Cloud billing and cost management essentials for those in a Finance and/or IT related role.open_in_new
school
Exploring cost-optimization for Google Kubernetes Engine virtual machines
Study optimization of your cluster's infrastructure to help save costs and create a more efficient architecture for your applications.open_in_new
school
A tour of Google Cloud sustainability
Study why Google Cloud is the cleanest cloud in the industry by exploring and utilizing sustainability tools.open_in_new
expand_lessLess
Costs and usage products by use case
Expand sections or use the filter to find products and guides for typical use cases.
Monitor and optimize costs

Track your Google Cloud costs, analyze your billing data, control and optimize your costs, and take advantage of committed use discounts.

Cloud Billing
Learn about cost management tools that help you track and understand your Google Cloud spending, pay your bill, and optimize your costs.
Committed use discounts
Committed use discounts (CUDs) provide discounted prices in exchange for your commitment to use a minimum level of resources for a specified term.
Free cloud features and trial offer
This article describes the components of the Google Cloud Free Program.
Optimize costs with FinOps hub
Monitor and communicate your current savings, explore new recommended opportunities to optimize costs, and plan your optimization goals.
View your billing reports and cost trends
Get answers to questions 'Which Google Cloud services cost the most last month?'
View your committed use discount (CUD) reports
Use the CUD reports to analyze the effectiveness of your discounts.
Track costs with budgets
Use budgets to track your actual Google Cloud costs against your planned costs and receive spending alerts.
Use budgets to automate cost control responses
Use programmatic budget notifications to automate your cost control response based on the budget notification.
Manage resources and usage

Optimize your Google Cloud resource usage and increase efficiency.

Cloud Quotas
Monitor quota usage, create and modify quota alerts, and request quota adjustments for all of your Google Cloud services.
Understand quota values and system limits
Learn about tools you can use to monitor your usage of Google Cloud resources, create alerts, and request quota adjustments.
Administer quotas
View and manage the quota restrictions that are applicable to the Google Cloud resources that you use.
Best practices for running cost-optimized Kubernetes applications on GKE
Plan using best practices for running cost-optimized applications on GKE to take advantage of the elasticity provided by Google Cloud.open_in_new
Sustainability

Measure, report, and reduce your Cloud carbon emissions.

Carbon Footprint
Display gross greenhouse gas emissions from electricity associated with the usage of covered Google Cloud services.
Carbon Footprint reporting methodology
Review the calculation methodology that Google Cloud uses to give our customers a report tailored to their specific gross carbon footprint.
Export your carbon footprint
Learn how to export your Carbon Footprint data to BigQuery or Sheets in order to perform data analysis and create custom dashboards and reports.

Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see the Google Developers Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Last updated 2025-07-09 UTC.

Why Google
Choosing Google Cloud
Trust and security
Modern Infrastructure Cloud
Multicloud
Global infrastructure
Customers and case studies
Analyst reports
Whitepapers
Products and pricing
See all products
See all solutions
Google Cloud for Startups
Google Cloud Marketplace
Google Cloud pricing
Contact sales
Support
Google Cloud Community
Support
Release Notes
System status
Resources
GitHub
Getting Started with Google Cloud
Google Cloud documentation
Code samples
Cloud Architecture Center
Training and Certification
Developer Center
Engage
Blog
Events
X (Twitter)
Google Cloud on YouTube
Google Cloud Tech on YouTube
Become a Partner
Google Cloud Affiliate Program
Press Corner
About Google
Privacy
Site terms
Google Cloud terms
Our third decade of climate action: join us
Sign up for the Google Cloud newsletter
Subscribe