Skip to main content
Documentation
Technology areas
Cross-product tools
Related sites
/
Console
Sign in
Contact Us
Start free
Google Cloud Documentation home
Get started with Google Cloud
Product list
Integrated AI assistance with Gemini for Google Cloud
Recent release notes
Cloud Customer Care
Cross-product tools
Generative AI
AI and ML
Application development
Application hosting
Compute
Data analytics
Databases
Distributed, hybrid, and multicloud
Industry solutions
Networking
Observability and monitoring
Overview of observabililty and monitoring
Observability and monitoring
Observability optimization
Security
Storage
On this page
Observability in Google Cloud
Google Cloud Managed Service for Prometheus
Instrumentation and observability
Google Cloud Observability overview
Cloud Logging overview
Cloud Monitoring overview
Monitoring and logging resources
Hybrid and multicloud monitoring and logging patterns
Troubleshoot distributed applications
Explore log analytics: must-have tools for cloud security professionals
Effective alerting in Google Cloud
Google Cloud synthetic monitoring tutorial
Gleaning security insights from Audit Logs with Log Analytics
Four steps to managing your Cloud Logging costs on a budget
Observability in Google Cloud
DevOps engineer and SRE learning path
Observability and monitoring

Documentation and resources for observability and monitoring across Google Cloud products and services.

Get started for free
Start your proof of concept with $300 in free credit
Get access to Gemini 2.0 Flash Thinking
Free monthly usage of popular products, including AI APIs and BigQuery
No automatic charges, no commitment
Explore observability and monitoring in Google Cloud 
Read documentation and Cloud Architecture Center articles about observability and monitoring products, capabilities, and procedures.
description
Observability in Google Cloud
Monitoring, logging, tracing, profiling, and debugging for observability.
description
Google Cloud Managed Service for Prometheus
Collect Prometheus metrics for your workloads.
description
Instrumentation and observability
Collect telemetry from your applications with instrumentation.
description
Google Cloud Observability overview
Collect telemetry from your Compute Engine instances.
description
Cloud Logging overview
Collect and manage logs with storage, search, analysis, and monitoring support.
description
Cloud Monitoring overview
Learn about Cloud Monitoring, the integrated monitoring service for Google Cloud.
account_tree
Monitoring and logging resources
Plan your approach with Architecture Center resources across a variety of monitoring and logging topics.open_in_new
account_tree
Hybrid and multicloud monitoring and logging patterns
Plan how to implmement monitoring and logging architectures for hybrid and multi-cloud deployments.open_in_new
expand_lessLess
Training, blog articles, and more 
Go to training courses, blog articles, and other related resources.
cloud
Troubleshoot distributed applications
View how to troubleshoot distributed applications by using Cloud Trace and Cloud Logging together.open_in_new
public
Explore log analytics: must-have tools for cloud security professionals
View how to access detailed logs of events and activities within your cloud environment.open_in_new
cloud
Effective alerting in Google Cloud
View how the relevance of what we are monitoring can help us support triage in advance.open_in_new
public
Google Cloud synthetic monitoring tutorial
View step by step instructions on how you can get started with Google Cloud synthetic monitoring.open_in_new
cloud
Gleaning security insights from Audit Logs with Log Analytics
View how Cloud Audit logs can help customers meet their compliance and security requirements.open_in_new
cloud
Four steps to managing your Cloud Logging costs on a budget
View these best practices to learn how to get the most out of your Google Cloud and third-party logging tools.open_in_new
school
Observability in Google Cloud
Study how to use application performance management tools, including Error Reporting, Cloud Trace, and Cloud Profiler.open_in_new
school
DevOps engineer and SRE learning path
Study how to implement efficient and reliable software delivery and infrastructure management.open_in_new
expand_lessLess
Observability and monitoring products by use case
Expand sections or use the filter to find products and guides for typical use cases.
Observability and monitoring

Integrated monitoring, logging, and trace managed services for applications and systems running on Google Cloud and beyond.

Google Cloud Observability
Monitor, log, trace, and profile your apps and services.
Cloud Logging
Store, search, analyze, monitor, and alert on log data and events from Google Cloud and AWS.
Cloud Monitoring
Analyze, monitor, and display the performance data collected from your applications and the Google Cloud services that you use.
Cloud Trace
Find performance bottlenecks in production.
Error Reporting
Identify and understand application errors.
Observability optimization

Continuous profiling of production systems for large-scale operations.

Related products, guides, and sites
Guides and blog posts
Observability for Google Kubernetes Engine
Understand the health of your applications and maintain application availability and reliability.
Virtual machine instances
Use Compute Engine instances that run the public images for Linux and Windows Server that Google provides, or that run your own private custom images.
Observe and monitor Compute Engine VMs
Access and view virtual machine (VM) metrics.
Cloud Run functions overview
Build and connect cloud services in a serverless execution environment.
Write Prometheus metrics from Cloud Run
Use the Prometheus sidecar to get Prometheus-style monitoring for Cloud Run services.
Terraform
Learn how to use Terraform to reliably provision infrastructure on Google Cloud.
App Hub
Discover and organize infrastructure resources into applications.
Moving to Log Analytics for BigQuery export users
View a post for migrating from BigQuery log sink to Log Analytics.
Creating custom notifications with Cloud Monitoring and Cloud Run
Learn how to deliver Cloud Monitoring alert notifications to third-party services that don't have supported notification channels.
APIs and reference
Google Cloud CLI logging
Manage Cloud Logging.
Google Cloud CLI monitoring
Manage Monitoring dashboards.
Monitoring APIs and reference
View a list of the available monitoring APIs and reference content.
Logging APIs and reference
View a list of the available logging APIs and reference content.

Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see the Google Developers Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Last updated 2025-07-09 UTC.

Why Google
Choosing Google Cloud
Trust and security
Modern Infrastructure Cloud
Multicloud
Global infrastructure
Customers and case studies
Analyst reports
Whitepapers
Products and pricing
See all products
See all solutions
Google Cloud for Startups
Google Cloud Marketplace
Google Cloud pricing
Contact sales
Support
Google Cloud Community
Support
Release Notes
System status
Resources
GitHub
Getting Started with Google Cloud
Google Cloud documentation
Code samples
Cloud Architecture Center
Training and Certification
Developer Center
Engage
Blog
Events
X (Twitter)
Google Cloud on YouTube
Google Cloud Tech on YouTube
Become a Partner
Google Cloud Affiliate Program
Press Corner
About Google
Privacy
Site terms
Google Cloud terms
Our third decade of climate action: join us
Sign up for the Google Cloud newsletter
Subscribe