Skip to main content
Documentation
Technology areas
Cross-product tools
Related sites
/
Console
Sign in
Contact Us
Start free
Google Cloud Documentation home
Get started with Google Cloud
Product list
Integrated AI assistance with Gemini for Google Cloud
Recent release notes
Cloud Customer Care
Cross-product tools
Generative AI
Overview of generative AI
Vertex AI Studio
Generative AI Models
Generate an AI response
Improve AI responses
AI/ML orchestration on GKE
AI and ML
Application development
Application hosting
Compute
Data analytics
Databases
Distributed, hybrid, and multicloud
Industry solutions
Networking
Observability and monitoring
Security
Storage
Generative AI

Documentation and resources for building and implementing generative AI applications with Google Cloud tools and products.

Get started for free
Start your proof of concept with $300 in free credit
Get access to Gemini 2.0 Flash Thinking
Free monthly usage of popular products, including AI APIs and BigQuery
No automatic charges, no commitment
Learn about building generative AI applications 
Generative AI on Vertex AI
Access Google's large generative AI models so you can test, tune, and deploy them for use in your AI-powered applications.
Gemini Quickstart
See what it's like to send requests to the Gemini API through Google Cloud's AI-ML platform, Vertex AI.
AI/ML orchestration on GKE
Leverage the power of GKE as a customizable AI/ML platform featuring high performance, cost effective serving and training with industry-leading scale and flexible infrastructure options.
When to use generative AI
Identify whether generative AI, traditional AI, or a combination of both might suit your business use case.
Develop a generative AI application
Learn how to address the challenges in each stage of developing a generative AI application.
Code samples and sample applications
View code samples for popular use cases and deploy examples of generative AI applications that are secure, efficient, resilient, high-performing, and cost-effective.
Generative AI glossary
Learn about specific terms that are associated with generative AI.
expand_lessLess
Gen AI tools
Gen AI development flow
Model exploration and hosting

Google Cloud provides a set of state-of-the-art foundation models through Vertex AI, including Gemini. You can also deploy a third-party model to either Vertex AI Model Garden or self-host on GKE or Compute Engine.

Google Models on Vertex AI (Gemini, Imagen)
Discover test, customize, and deploy Google models and assets from an ML model library.
Other models in the Vertex AI Model Garden
Discover, test, customize, and deploy select OSS models and assets from an ML model library.
Text generation models via HuggingFace
Learn how to deploy HuggingFace text generation models to Vertex AI or Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE).
GPUs on Compute Engine
Attach GPUs to VM instances to accelerate generative AI workloads on Compute Engine.
expand_lessLess
Prompt design and engineering

Prompt design is the process of authoring prompt and response pairs to give language models additional context and instructions. After you author prompts, you feed them to the model as a prompt dataset for pretraining. When a model serves predictions, it responds with your instructions built in.

Vertex AI Studio
Design, test, and customize your prompts sent to Google's Gemini and PaLM 2 large language models (LLM).
Overview of Prompting Strategies
Learn the prompt-engineering workflow and common strategies that you can use to affect model responses.
Prompt Gallery
View example prompts and responses for specific use cases.
Grounding and RAG

Grounding connects AI models to data sources to improve the accuracy of responses and reduce hallucinations. RAG, a common grounding technique, searches for relevant information and adds it to the model's prompt, ensuring output is based on facts and up-to-date information.

Vertex AI grounding
You can ground Vertex AI models with Google Search or with your own data stored in Vertex AI Search.
Ground with Google Search
Use Grounding with Google Search to connect the model to the up-to-date knowledge available on the internet.
Vector embeddings in AlloyDB
Use AlloyDB to generate and store vector embeddings, then index and query the embeddings using the pgvector extension.
Cloud SQL and pgvector
Store vector embeddings in Postgres SQL, then index and query the embeddings using the pgvector extension.
Integrating BigQuery data into your LangChain application
Use LangChain to extract data from BigQuery and enrich and ground your model's responses.
description
Vector embeddings in Firestore
Create vector embeddings from your Firestore data, then index and query the embeddings.
Vector embeddings in Memorystore (Redis)
Use LangChain to extract data from Memorystore and enrich and ground your model's responses.
expand_lessLess
Agents and function calling

Agents make it easy to design and integrate a conversational user interface into your mobile app, while function calling extends the capabilities of a model.

AI Applications
Leverage Google's foundation models, search expertise, and conversational AI technologies for enterprise-grade generative AI applications.
Vertex AI Function calling
Add function calling to your model to enable actions like booking a reservation based on extracted calendar information.
Model customization and training

Specialized tasks, such as training a language model on specific terminology, might require more training than you can do with prompt design or grounding alone. In that scenario, you can use model tuning to improve performance, or train your own model.

Evaluate models in Vertex AI
Evaluate the performance of foundation models and your tuned generative AI models on Vertex AI.
Tune Vertex AI models
General purpose foundation models can benefit from tuning to improve their performance on specific tasks.
Cloud TPU
TPUs are Google's custom-developed ASICs used to accelerate machine learning workloads, such as training an LLM.
Related guides and sites
description
Intermediate
Infrastructure for a RAG-capable generative AI application using Vertex AI and Vector Search
Reference architecture for a RAG-capable generative AI application using Vertex AI and Vector Search.
description
Intermediate
Infrastructure for a RAG-capable generative AI application using Vertex AI and AlloyDB for PostgreSQL
Reference architecture for a RAG-capable generative AI application using Vertex AI and AlloyDB for PostgreSQL.
description
Intermediate
Infrastructure for a RAG-capable generative AI application using GKE and Cloud SQL
Reference architecture for a RAG-capable generative AI application using GKE, Cloud SQL, and open source tools like Ray, Hugging Face, and LangChain.
Start building
Set up your development environment for Google Cloud
C# and .NET
C++
Go
Java
JavaScript and Node.js
Python
Ruby
Set up LangChain
LangChain is an open source framework for generative AI apps that allows you to build context into your prompts, and take action based on the model's response.
Python (LangChain)
JavaScript (LangChain.js)
Java (LangChain4j)
Go (LangChainGo)
View code samples and deploy sample applications
View code samples for popular use cases and deploy examples of generative AI applications that are secure, efficient, resilient, high-performing, and cost-effective.

Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see the Google Developers Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Last updated 2025-07-09 UTC.

Why Google
Choosing Google Cloud
Trust and security
Modern Infrastructure Cloud
Multicloud
Global infrastructure
Customers and case studies
Analyst reports
Whitepapers
Products and pricing
See all products
See all solutions
Google Cloud for Startups
Google Cloud Marketplace
Google Cloud pricing
Contact sales
Support
Google Cloud Community
Support
Release Notes
System status
Resources
GitHub
Getting Started with Google Cloud
Google Cloud documentation
Code samples
Cloud Architecture Center
Training and Certification
Developer Center
Engage
Blog
Events
X (Twitter)
Google Cloud on YouTube
Google Cloud Tech on YouTube
Become a Partner
Google Cloud Affiliate Program
Press Corner
About Google
Privacy
Site terms
Google Cloud terms
Our third decade of climate action: join us
Sign up for the Google Cloud newsletter
Subscribe