Skip to main content
Documentation
Technology areas
Cross-product tools
Related sites
/
Console
Sign in
Generative AI on Vertex AI
Guides
API reference
Vertex AI Cookbook
Prompt gallery
Resources
FAQ
Contact Us
Start free
Discover
Get started
Select models
Model Garden
Try it: Test model capabilities using Playspaces
Overview of Model Garden
Use models in Model Garden
Supported models
Google Models
Overview
Gemini
Imagen
Veo
Model versions
Managed models
Model as a Service (MaaS) overview
Partner models
Open models
Model deprecations (MaaS)
Self-deployed models
Overview
Google Gemma
Llama
Use Hugging Face Models
Hex-LLM
Comprehensive guide to vLLM for Text and Multimodal LLM Serving (GPU)
xDiT
Tutorial: Deploy Llamma 3 models with SpotVM and Reservations
Model Garden notebooks
Build
Evaluate
Deploy
Administer
Go to Vertex AI documentation
Vertex AI documentation
On this page
Advantages of Model Garden
Explore models in the Google Cloud console
Model security scanning
Pricing
Control access to specific models
Additional resources
Deployment and serving options
Model tuning resources
Model evaluation resources
General resources and notebooks
Starting April 29, 2025, Gemini 1.5 Pro and Gemini 1.5 Flash models are not available in projects that have no prior usage of these models, including new projects. For details, see Model versions and lifecycle.
Generative AI on Vertex AI 
Documentation
Was this helpful?
Send feedback
Overview of Model Garden
bookmark_border
Release Notes

Model Garden is an AI/ML model library that helps you discover, test, customize, and deploy models and assets from Google and Google partners.

Advantages of Model Garden

When you're working with AI models, Model Garden provides the following advantages:

Available models are all grouped in a single location.
Model Garden provides a consistent deployment pattern for different types of models.
Model Garden provides built-in integration with other parts of Vertex AI such as model tuning, evaluation, and serving.
Serving generative AI models can be difficult—Vertex AI handles model deployment and serving for you.
Explore models in the Google Cloud console

To view the list of available Vertex AI and open source foundation, tunable, and task-specific models, go to the Model Garden page in the Google Cloud console.

Go to Model Garden

The model categories available in Model Garden are:

Category	Description
Foundation models	Pretrained multitask large models that can be tuned or customized for specific tasks using Vertex AI Studio, Vertex AI API, and the Vertex AI SDK for Python.
Fine-tunable models	Models that you can fine-tune using a custom notebook or pipeline.
Task-specific solutions	Most of these prebuilt models are ready to use. Many can be customized using your own data.

To filter models in the filter pane, specify the following:

Tasks: Click the task that you want the model to perform.
Model collections: Click to choose models that are managed by Google, partners, or you.
Providers: Click the provider of the model.
Features: Click the features that you want in the model.

To learn more about each model, click its model card.

For a list of models available in Model Garden, see Models available in Model Garden.

Model security scanning

Google does thorough testing and benchmarking on the serving and tuning containers that we provide. Active vulnerability scanning is also applied to container artifacts.

Third-party models from featured partners undergo model checkpoint scans to check authenticity. Third-party models from HuggingFace Hub are scanned directly by HuggingFace and their third-party scanner for malware, pickle files, Keras Lambda layers, and secrets. Models deemed unsafe from these scans are flagged by HuggingFace and blocked from deployment in Model Garden. Models deemed suspicious or those that have the ability to potentially execute remote code are indicated in Model Garden but can still be deployed. We recommend you perform a thorough review of any suspicious model before deploying it within your Model Garden.

Pricing

For the open source models in Model Garden, you are charged for use of following on Vertex AI:

Model tuning: You are charged for the compute resources used at the same rate as custom training. See custom training pricing.
Model deployment: You are charged for the compute resources used to deploy the model to an endpoint. See predictions pricing.
Colab Enterprise: See Colab Enterprise pricing.
Control access to specific models

You can set a Model Garden organization policy at the organization, folder, or project level to control access to specific models in Model Garden. For example, you can allow access to specific models that you've vetted and deny access to all others.

Additional resources

This section provides links to tutorials, reference materials, notebooks, and videos to help you deploy, tune, and evaluate models from Model Garden.

Troubleshooting

If you encounter issues with code snippets or setup, refer to the Troubleshooting Guide.

Deployment and serving options

Vertex AI offers several options for deploying and serving open models, each optimized for different use cases, hardware, and performance requirements. Use the following table to decide which option is best for you.

Deployment Option	Description	Best For
Vertex AI SDK, CLI, & REST API	Standard methods to deploy open models with a consistent interface.	General-purpose deployment, getting started, and integrating with existing Vertex AI workflows.
vLLM Container	An open-source library for fast LLM inference and serving, optimized for throughput on GPUs.	High-performance serving for text-only and multimodal language models on GPUs.
Hex-LLM Container	A container optimized for serving large models on Cloud TPUs.	Serving very large models efficiently on TPU hardware.
xDiT Container	A specialized serving container for diffusion transformer models (DiT).	High-performance image and video generation tasks.
Hugging Face TGI DLC	Deep Learning Containers with Hugging Face Text Generation Inference for PyTorch.	Leveraging Hugging Face ecosystem features, like serving multiple LoRA adapters on a single GPU.

After choosing an option, use the following tabs to find relevant tutorials and resources.

SDK, CLI, & REST API
vLLM on GPUs
Hex-LLM on TPUs
xDiT for Image/Video
More
Deploy and serve an open source model
Developer blog: Introducing the new Vertex AI Model Garden CLI and SDK
Tutorial notebook: Deploy open models by using the SDK
Tutorial notebook: Get started with Vertex AI Model Garden SDK
Tutorial notebook: Deploy and serve a model that uses Spot VMs or a Compute Engine reservation
Tutorial: Deploying Gemma and making predictions
YouTube: Deploying and fine-tuning Gemma 3 in Model Garden
Model tuning resources

Learn more about tuning models to tailor responses for specific use cases.

Tutorial notebook: Fine-tuning and evaluation
Tutorial notebook: Workbench fine-tuning
YouTube: Deploying and fine-tuning Gemma 3 in Model Garden
Model evaluation resources

Learn more about assessing model responses with Vertex AI.

YouTube: Evaluate Gemma 2 with the generative AI evaluation service
General resources and notebooks
Model and user journey-specific Model Garden notebooks
Vertex AI open model serving, fine-tuning and evaluation notebooks
Was this helpful?
Send feedback

Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see the Google Developers Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Last updated 2025-07-07 UTC.

Why Google
Choosing Google Cloud
Trust and security
Modern Infrastructure Cloud
Multicloud
Global infrastructure
Customers and case studies
Analyst reports
Whitepapers
Products and pricing
See all products
See all solutions
Google Cloud for Startups
Google Cloud Marketplace
Google Cloud pricing
Contact sales
Support
Google Cloud Community
Support
Release Notes
System status
Resources
GitHub
Getting Started with Google Cloud
Google Cloud documentation
Code samples
Cloud Architecture Center
Training and Certification
Developer Center
Engage
Blog
Events
X (Twitter)
Google Cloud on YouTube
Google Cloud Tech on YouTube
Become a Partner
Google Cloud Affiliate Program
Press Corner
About Google
Privacy
Site terms
Google Cloud terms
Our third decade of climate action: join us
Sign up for the Google Cloud newsletter
Subscribe