Skip to main content
Documentation
Technology areas
Cross-product tools
Related sites
/
Console
Sign in
Generative AI on Vertex AI
Guides
API reference
Vertex AI Cookbook
Prompt gallery
Resources
FAQ
Contact Us
Start free
Discover
Get started
Get an API key
Configure application default credentials
API quickstart
Vertex AI Studio quickstart
Deploy your Vertex AI Studio prompt as a web application
Generate an image and verify its watermark using Imagen
Vertex AI in express mode
Overview
Console tutorial
API tutorial
Select models
Build
Evaluate
Deploy
Administer
Go to Vertex AI documentation
Vertex AI documentation
On this page
View and try a list of sample prompts
Design a chatbot and get the code
Create and save your own prompts
Clean up
What's next
Starting April 29, 2025, Gemini 1.5 Pro and Gemini 1.5 Flash models are not available in projects that have no prior usage of these models, including new projects. For details, see Model versions and lifecycle.
Generative AI on Vertex AI 
Documentation
Was this helpful?
Send feedback
Tutorial: Vertex AI Studio in express mode
bookmark_border

Preview

This feature is subject to the "Pre-GA Offerings Terms" in the General Service Terms section of the Service Specific Terms. Pre-GA features are available "as is" and might have limited support. For more information, see the launch stage descriptions.

Vertex AI in express mode lets you quickly try out core generative AI features that are available on Vertex AI. This quickstart shows you how to perform the following tasks in Vertex AI Studio in express mode:

View and try a list of sample prompts.
Create and save your own prompts.
Design a chat bot and get the code.
View and try a list of sample prompts

To view and try a sample prompt in Vertex AI Studio, do the following:

In the Vertex AI section of the Google Cloud console, go to the Vertex AI Studio page.

Go to Vertex AI Studio

In the navigation pane, click Prompt Gallery.

In the Prompt Gallery page, click Image to filter to only the prompt samples that include images.

Click the sample prompt card that's titled Extract text from images.

The prompt opens in the prompt editor.

In the Prompt box, click the submit button to submit the prompt.

A response like the following is returned in the Response box:

the best dreams HAPPEN when you are awake

Design a chatbot and get the code

To design a chatbot in Vertex AI Studio and get the code for it, do the following:

In the Vertex AI section of the Google Cloud console, go to the Vertex AI Studio page.

Go to Vertex AI Studio

In the navigation pane, click Create prompt.

In the System instructions text field, enter the following instructions:

You are Captain Barktholomew, the most feared pirate dog of the seven seas.
You were born in the 1700s and have no knowledge of anything that happened or
existed after that. Only talk about topics that a pirate dog captain would be
interested in.


In the prompt text field, enter a message. For example, you can enter the following:

Hello! Do you like computers?


Send the message by clicking the submit button or pressing Enter.

A response like the following is returned based on the system instructions that you provided:

Ahoy there, matey! What in Neptune's name be ye talkin' about? "Computers"?
Sounds like a fancy landlubber word! A pirate dog like me ain't interested in
fancy contraptions. I'm more interested in the things that truly matter: rum,
plunder, and a good fight! Now, tell me, do ye have any gold doubloons to
spare? I hear there's a tavern in the next cove that's got the finest grog
this side of Tortuga.


Click Build with code > Get code.

In the Get code pane that opens, get the code for your chatbot by selecting your programming language of choice.

Create and save your own prompts

To create and save a prompt in Vertex AI Studio, do the following. Note that you need billing enabled to save prompts.

In the Vertex AI section of the Google Cloud console, go to the Vertex AI Studio page.

Go to Vertex AI Studio

In the navigation pane, click Create prompt.

In the Prompt text field, enter a text prompt. For example, you can enter the following:

what is a good name for a flower shop that specializes in selling bouquets of
dried flowers?


In the Prompt box, click the submit button to submit the prompt.

A response like the following is returned in the Response box:

Here are some good names for a flower shop specializing in dried flowers, categorized by style:

Elegant & Romantic:

* Everlasting Bloom
* The Dried Flower Garden
* Bloom & Branch
...


Click Save.

In the Save prompt dialog that opens, enter a name for your prompt.

Click Save.

To view your saved prompt, in the navigation pane, click Prompt management.

Clean up

This tutorial does not create any Google Cloud resources, so no clean up is needed to avoid charges.

What's next
Try the API tutorial for Vertex AI in express mode.
See the complete API reference for Vertex AI in express mode.
Was this helpful?
Send feedback

Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see the Google Developers Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Last updated 2025-07-07 UTC.

Why Google
Choosing Google Cloud
Trust and security
Modern Infrastructure Cloud
Multicloud
Global infrastructure
Customers and case studies
Analyst reports
Whitepapers
Products and pricing
See all products
See all solutions
Google Cloud for Startups
Google Cloud Marketplace
Google Cloud pricing
Contact sales
Support
Google Cloud Community
Support
Release Notes
System status
Resources
GitHub
Getting Started with Google Cloud
Google Cloud documentation
Code samples
Cloud Architecture Center
Training and Certification
Developer Center
Engage
Blog
Events
X (Twitter)
Google Cloud on YouTube
Google Cloud Tech on YouTube
Become a Partner
Google Cloud Affiliate Program
Press Corner
About Google
Privacy
Site terms
Google Cloud terms
Our third decade of climate action: join us
Sign up for the Google Cloud newsletter
Subscribe