Skip to main content
Documentation
Technology areas
Cross-product tools
Related sites
/
Console
Sign in
Generative AI on Vertex AI
Guides
API reference
Vertex AI Cookbook
Prompt gallery
Resources
FAQ
Contact Us
Start free
Discover
Get started
Get an API key
Configure application default credentials
API quickstart
Vertex AI Studio quickstart
Deploy your Vertex AI Studio prompt as a web application
Generate an image and verify its watermark using Imagen
Vertex AI in express mode
Overview
Console tutorial
API tutorial
Select models
Build
Evaluate
Deploy
Administer
Go to Vertex AI documentation
Vertex AI documentation
On this page
Before you begin prompting in Vertex AI Studio
Sample prompts in Vertex AI Studio
Test Gemini Models in Vertex AI Studio
Discover what's next with prompts
Starting April 29, 2025, Gemini 1.5 Pro and Gemini 1.5 Flash models are not available in projects that have no prior usage of these models, including new projects. For details, see Model versions and lifecycle.
Generative AI on Vertex AI 
Documentation
Was this helpful?
Send feedback
Quickstart: Send text prompts to Gemini using Vertex AI Studio
bookmark_border
Release Notes

You can use Vertex AI Studio to design, test, and manage prompts for Google's Gemini large language models (LLMs) and third-party models. Vertex AI Studio supports certain third-party models that are offered on Vertex AI as models as a service (MaaS), such as Anthropic's Claude models and Meta's Llama models.

Note: When using third-party models for the first time, Vertex AI prompts you to accept the third-party's terms and conditions. You must do this once for each third-party provider to start using their models.

In this quickstart, you learn how to use sample prompts from the generative AI prompt gallery to perform the following tasks:

Send a summarization text prompt to the Gemini API.
Send a code generation prompt to the Gemini API.
View the code used to generate the responses.
Before you begin prompting in Vertex AI Studio

This quickstart requires you to complete the following steps to set up a Google Cloud project and enable the Vertex AI API.

Sign in to your Google Cloud account. If you're new to Google Cloud, create an account to evaluate how our products perform in real-world scenarios. New customers also get $300 in free credits to run, test, and deploy workloads.

In the Google Cloud console, on the project selector page, select or create a Google Cloud project.

Note: If you don't plan to keep the resources that you create in this procedure, create a project instead of selecting an existing project. After you finish these steps, you can delete the project, removing all resources associated with the project.

Go to project selector

Make sure that billing is enabled for your Google Cloud project.

Enable the Vertex AI API.

Enable the API

Make sure that you have the following role or roles on the project: Vertex AI User

Check for the roles
Grant the roles

Sample prompts in Vertex AI Studio

A prompt is a natural language request submitted to a language model to generate a response. Prompts can contain questions, instructions, contextual information, few-shot examples, and partial input for the model to complete. For example, a prompt could be: "Summarize the following article:" followed by the text of the article.

After the model receives a prompt, depending on the type of model used, it can generate text, embeddings, code, images, videos, music, and more.

The sample prompts in the Vertex AI Studio prompt gallery are pre-designed to help demonstrate model capabilities. Each prompt is preconfigured with specified model and parameter values so you can open the sample prompt and click Submit to generate a response.

Test Gemini Models in Vertex AI Studio

You can test different capabilities of models by using prebuilt sample prompts from the prompt gallery. The following examples demonstrate how to use prompts for summarization and code generation.

Summarization Text Prompt
Code Generation Prompt
Test the Gemini flash model using a summarization text prompt

Send a summarization text prompt to the Gemini API in Vertex AI. A summarization task extracts the most important information from text. You can provide information in the prompt to help the model create a summary, or ask the model to create a summary on its own.

Go to the Prompt gallery page from the Vertex AI section in the Google Cloud console.
Go to prompt gallery

In the Tasks drop-down menu, select Summarize.

Open the Audio summarization card.

This sample prompt includes an audio file and requests a summary of the file contents in a bulleted list.

Notice that in the settings panel, the model's default value is set to Gemini-2.0-flash-001. You can choose a different Gemini model by clicking Switch model.

Click Submit to generate the summary.

The output is displayed in the response.

To view the Vertex AI API code used to generate the transcript summary, click Build with code > Get code.

In the Get code panel, you can choose your preferred language to get the sample code for the prompt, or you can open the Python code in a Colab Enterprise notebook.

Discover what's next with prompts
See an introduction to prompt design.
Learn about designing multimodal prompts and chat prompts.
Was this helpful?
Send feedback

Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see the Google Developers Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Last updated 2025-07-07 UTC.

Why Google
Choosing Google Cloud
Trust and security
Modern Infrastructure Cloud
Multicloud
Global infrastructure
Customers and case studies
Analyst reports
Whitepapers
Products and pricing
See all products
See all solutions
Google Cloud for Startups
Google Cloud Marketplace
Google Cloud pricing
Contact sales
Support
Google Cloud Community
Support
Release Notes
System status
Resources
GitHub
Getting Started with Google Cloud
Google Cloud documentation
Code samples
Cloud Architecture Center
Training and Certification
Developer Center
Engage
Blog
Events
X (Twitter)
Google Cloud on YouTube
Google Cloud Tech on YouTube
Become a Partner
Google Cloud Affiliate Program
Press Corner
About Google
Privacy
Site terms
Google Cloud terms
Our third decade of climate action: join us
Sign up for the Google Cloud newsletter
Subscribe