Skip to main content
Documentation
Technology areas
Cross-product tools
Related sites
/
Console
Sign in
Generative AI on Vertex AI
Guides
API reference
Vertex AI Cookbook
Prompt gallery
Resources
FAQ
Contact Us
Start free
Discover
Get started
Select models
Model Garden
Try it: Test model capabilities using Playspaces
Overview of Model Garden
Use models in Model Garden
Supported models
Google Models
Overview
Gemini
Imagen
Veo
Model versions
Managed models
Model as a Service (MaaS) overview
Partner models
Open models
Model deprecations (MaaS)
Self-deployed models
Overview
Google Gemma
Llama
Use Hugging Face Models
Hex-LLM
Comprehensive guide to vLLM for Text and Multimodal LLM Serving (GPU)
xDiT
Tutorial: Deploy Llamma 3 models with SpotVM and Reservations
Model Garden notebooks
Build
Evaluate
Deploy
Administer
Go to Vertex AI documentation
Vertex AI documentation
On this page
Vertex AI partner model pricing with capacity assurance
Regional and global endpoints
Specify the global endpoint
Supported models
Grant user access to partner models
Set required permissions to use partner models
Set the organization policy for partner model access
Partner model regulatory compliance
Starting April 29, 2025, Gemini 1.5 Pro and Gemini 1.5 Flash models are not available in projects that have no prior usage of these models, including new projects. For details, see Model versions and lifecycle.
Generative AI on Vertex AI 
Documentation
Was this helpful?
Send feedback
Vertex AI partner models for MaaS
bookmark_border
Release Notes

Vertex AI supports a curated list of models developed by Google partners. Partner models can be used with Vertex AI as a model as a service (MaaS) and are offered as a managed API. When you use a partner model, you continue to send your requests to Vertex AI endpoints. Partner models are serverless so there's no need to provision or manage infrastructure.

Partner models can be discovered using Model Garden. You can also deploy models using Model Garden. For more information, see Explore AI models in Model Garden. While information about each available partner model can be found on its model card in Model Garden, only third-party models that perform as a MaaS with Vertex AI are documented in this guide.

Anthropic's Claude and Mistral models are examples of third-party managed models that are available to use on Vertex AI.

Vertex AI partner model pricing with capacity assurance

Google offers provisioned throughput for some partner models that reserves throughput capacity for your models for a fixed fee. You decide on the throughput capacity and in which regions to reserve that capacity. Because provisioned throughput requests are prioritized over the standard pay-as-you-go requests, provisioned throughput provides increased availability. When the system is overloaded, your requests can still be completed as long as the throughput remains under your reserved throughput capacity. For more information or to subscribe to the service, Contact sales.

Regional and global endpoints

For regional endpoints, requests are served from your specified region. In cases where you have data residency requirements or if a model doesn't support the global endpoint, use the regional endpoints.

When you use the global endpoint, Google can process and serve your requests from any region that is supported by the model that you are using, which might result in higher latency in some cases. The global endpoint helps improve overall availability and helps reduce errors.

There is no price difference with the regional endpoints when you use the global endpoint. However, the global endpoint quotas and supported model capabilities can differ from the regional endpoints. For more information, view the related third-party model page.

Specify the global endpoint

To use the global endpoint, set the region to global.

For example, the request URL for a curl command uses the following format: https://aiplatform.googleapis.com/v1/projects/PROJECT_ID/locations/global/publishers/PUBLISHER_NAME/models/MODEL_NAME

For the Vertex AI SDK, a regional endpoint is the default. Set the region to GLOBAL to use the global endpoint.

Supported models

The global endpoint is available for the following models:

Claude Opus 4
Claude Sonnet 4
Claude 3.7 Sonnet
Claude 3.5 Sonnet v2

Note: Prompt Caching is supported when using the global endpoint. Provisioned Throughput isn't supported when using the global endpoint.
Grant user access to partner models

For you to enable partner models and make a prompt request, a Google Cloud administrator must set the required permissions and verify the organization policy allows the use of required APIs.

Set required permissions to use partner models

The following roles and permissions are required to use partner models:

You must have the Consumer Procurement Entitlement Manager Identity and Access Management (IAM) role. Anyone who's been granted this role can enable partner models in Model Garden.

You must have the aiplatform.endpoints.predict permission. This permission is included in the Vertex AI User IAM role. For more information, see Vertex AI User and Access control.

Console
gcloud

To grant the Consumer Procurement Entitlement Manager IAM roles to a user, go to the IAM page.

Go to IAM

In the Principal column, find the user principal for which you want to enable access to partner models, and then click edit Edit principal in that row.

In the Edit access pane, click add Add another role.

In Select a role, select Consumer Procurement Entitlement Manager.

In the Edit access pane, click add Add another role.

In Select a role, select Vertex AI User.

Click Save.

Set the organization policy for partner model access

To enable partner models, your organization policy must allow the following API: Cloud Commerce Consumer Procurement API - cloudcommerceconsumerprocurement.googleapis.com

If your organization sets an organization policy to restrict service usage, then an organization administrator must verify that cloudcommerceconsumerprocurement.googleapis.com is allowed by setting the organization policy.

Also, if you have an organization policy that restricts model usage in Model Garden, the policy must allow access to partner models. For more information, see Control model access.

Partner model regulatory compliance

The certifications for Generative AI on Vertex AI continue to apply when partner models are used as a managed API using Vertex AI. If you need details about the models themselves, additional information can be found in the respective Model Card, or you can contact the respective model publisher.

Your data is stored at rest within the selected region or multi-region for partner models on Vertex AI, but the regionalization of data processing may vary. For a detailed list of partner models' data processing commitments, see Data residency for partner models.

Customer prompts and model responses are not shared with third-parties when using the Vertex AI API, including partner models. Google only processes Customer Data as instructed by the Customer, which is further described in our Cloud Data Processing Addendum.

Was this helpful?
Send feedback

Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see the Google Developers Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Last updated 2025-07-07 UTC.

Why Google
Choosing Google Cloud
Trust and security
Modern Infrastructure Cloud
Multicloud
Global infrastructure
Customers and case studies
Analyst reports
Whitepapers
Products and pricing
See all products
See all solutions
Google Cloud for Startups
Google Cloud Marketplace
Google Cloud pricing
Contact sales
Support
Google Cloud Community
Support
Release Notes
System status
Resources
GitHub
Getting Started with Google Cloud
Google Cloud documentation
Code samples
Cloud Architecture Center
Training and Certification
Developer Center
Engage
Blog
Events
X (Twitter)
Google Cloud on YouTube
Google Cloud Tech on YouTube
Become a Partner
Google Cloud Affiliate Program
Press Corner
About Google
Privacy
Site terms
Google Cloud terms
Our third decade of climate action: join us
Sign up for the Google Cloud newsletter
Subscribe