Skip to main content
Documentation
Technology areas
Cross-product tools
Related sites
/
Console
Sign in
Generative AI on Vertex AI
Guides
API reference
Vertex AI Cookbook
Prompt gallery
Resources
FAQ
Contact Us
Start free
Discover
Get started
Select models
Build
Agents
Overview
Agent Development Kit
Agent Engine
Overview
Quickstart
Set up the environment
Develop an agent
Evaluate an agent
Deploy an agent
Use an agent
Manage deployed agents
Manage context
Getting help
Agent2Agent (A2A) Protocol
Agent Tools
Prompt design
Introduction to prompting
Prompting strategies
Task-specific prompt guidance
Capabilities
Safety
Text and code generation
Image generation
Video generation
Music generation
Media analysis
Grounding
Thinking
Live API
Embeddings
Translation
Generate speech from text
Transcribe speech
Development tools
Use AI-powered prompt writing tools
RAG Engine
Tokenizer
Multimodal datasets
Model tuning
Introduction to tuning
Gemini models
Embeddings models
Imagen models
Translation models
Tuning recommendations with LoRA and QLoRA
Migrate
Call Vertex AI models using OpenAI libraries
Migrate from Google AI to Vertex AI
Evaluate
Deploy
Administer
Go to Vertex AI documentation
Vertex AI documentation
On this page
Create and deploy on Vertex AI Agent Engine
Supported frameworks
Deploy in production with Agent Starter Pack
Use cases
Enterprise security
Supported regions
Quota
Pricing
What's next
Starting April 29, 2025, Gemini 1.5 Pro and Gemini 1.5 Flash models are not available in projects that have no prior usage of these models, including new projects. For details, see Model versions and lifecycle.
Generative AI on Vertex AI 
Documentation
Was this helpful?
Send feedback
Vertex AI Agent Engine overview
bookmark_border
Release Notes

The VPC-SC security control is supported by Vertex AI Agent Engine. Data residency, CMEK, and AXT security controls aren't supported.

To see an example of getting started with Vertex AI Agent Engine, run the "Building and Deploying an Agent with " notebook in one of the following environments:

Open in Colab | Open in Colab Enterprise | Open in Vertex AI Workbench user-managed notebooks | View on GitHub

Vertex AI Agent Engine (formerly known as LangChain on Vertex AI or Vertex AI Reasoning Engine) is a set of services that enables developers to deploy, manage, and scale AI agents in production. Agent Engine handles the infrastructure to scale agents in production so you can focus on creating applications. Vertex AI Agent Engine offers the following services that you can use individually or in combination:

Managed runtime:

Deploy and scale agents with a managed runtime and end-to-end management capabilities.
Customize the agent's container image with build-time installation scripts for system dependencies.
Use security features including VPC-SC compliance and configuration of authentication and IAM.
Access models and tools such as function calling.
Deploy agents built using different Python frameworks:

Context management:

Sessions (Preview): Agent Engine Sessions lets you store individual interactions between users and agents, providing definitive sources for conversation context.

Memory Bank (Preview): Agent Engine Memory Bank lets you store and retrieve information from sessions to personalize agent interactions.

Example Store (Preview): Example Store lets you store and dynamically retrieve few-shot examples.

Quality and evaluation (Preview):

Evaluate agent quality with the integrated Gen AI Evaluation service.
Improve agent performance with Example Store.
Optimize agents with Gemini model training runs.

Observability:

Understand agent behavior with Google Cloud Trace (supporting OpenTelemetry), Cloud Monitoring, and Cloud Logging.

Vertex AI Agent Engine is part of Vertex AI Agent Builder, a suite of features for discovering, building, and deploying AI agents.

Note: Because the name of Vertex AI Agent Engine changed over time, the name of the resource in the API reference is ReasoningEngine to maintain backwards compatibility.
Create and deploy on Vertex AI Agent Engine

Note: For a streamlined, IDE-based development and deployment experience with Vertex AI Agent Engine, consider the agent-starter-pack. It provides ready-to-use templates, a built-in UI for experimentation, and simplifies deployment, operations, evaluation, customization, and observability.

The workflow for building an agent on Vertex AI Agent Engine is:

Steps	Description
1. Set up the environment	Set up your Google project and install the latest version of the Vertex AI SDK for Python.
2. Develop an agent	Develop an agent that can be deployed on Vertex AI Agent Engine.
3. Deploy the agent	Deploy the agent on the Vertex AI Agent Engine managed runtime.
4. Use the agent	Query the agent by sending an API request.
5. Manage the deployed agent	Manage and delete agents that you have deployed to Vertex AI Agent Engine.

The steps are illustrated by the following diagram:

 


Supported frameworks

The following table describes the level of support Vertex AI Agent Engine provides for various agent frameworks:

Support level	Agent frameworks
Custom template: You can adapt a custom template to support deployment to Vertex AI Agent Engine from your framework.	CrewAI, custom frameworks
Vertex AI SDK integration: Vertex AI Agent Engine provides managed templates per framework in the Vertex AI SDK and documentation.	AG2, LlamaIndex
Full integration: Features are integrated to work across the framework, Vertex AI Agent Engine, and broader Google Cloud ecosystem.	Agent Development Kit (ADK), LangChain, LangGraph
Deploy in production with Agent Starter Pack

The Agent Starter Pack is a collection of production-ready generative AI agent templates built for Vertex AI Agent Engine. The Agent Starter Pack provides the following:

Pre-built agent templates: ReAct, RAG, multi-agent, and other templates.
Interactive playground: Test and interact with your agent.
Automated infrastructure: Uses Terraform for streamlined resource management.
CI/CD pipelines: Automated deployment workflows leveraging Cloud Build.
Observability: Built-in support for Cloud Trace and Cloud Logging.

To get started, see the Quickstart.

Use cases

To learn about Vertex AI Agent Engine with end-to-end examples, see the following resources:

Use Case	Description	Links
Build agents by connecting to public APIs	Convert between currencies.

Create a function that connects to a currency exchange app, allowing the model to provide accurate answers to queries such as "What's the exchange rate for euros to dollars today?"	Vertex AI SDK for Python notebook - Intro to Building and Deploying an Agent with Vertex AI Agent Engine
Designing a community solar project.

Identify potential locations, look up relevant government offices and suppliers, and review satellite images and solar potential of regions and buildings to find the optimal location to install your solar panels.	Vertex AI SDK for Python notebook - Building and Deploying a Google Maps API Agent with Vertex AI Agent Engine
Build agents by connecting to databases	Integration with AlloyDB and Cloud SQL for PostgreSQL.	Blog post - Announcing LangChain on Vertex AI for AlloyDB and Cloud SQL for PostgreSQL

Vertex AI SDK for Python notebook - Deploying a RAG Application with Cloud SQL for PostgreSQL to Vertex AI Agent Engine

Vertex AI SDK for Python notebook - Deploying a RAG Application with AlloyDB for PostgreSQL to Vertex AI Agent Engine
Build agents with tools that access data in your database.	Vertex AI SDK for Python notebook - Deploying an Agent with Vertex AI Agent Engine and MCP Toolbox for Databases
Query and understand structured datastores using natural language.	Vertex AI SDK for Python notebook - Building a Conversational Search Agent with Vertex AI Agent Engine and RAG on Vertex AI Search
Query and understand graph databases using natural language	Blog post - GenAI GraphRAG and AI agents using Vertex AI Agent Engine with LangChain and Neo4j
Query and understand vector stores using natural language	Blog post - Simplify GenAI RAG with MongoDB Atlas and Vertex AI Agent Engine
Build agents with Agent Development Kit (preview)	Build and deploy agents using Agent Development Kit.	Agent Development Kit -- Deploy to Vertex AI Agent Engine
Manage context with Vertex AI Agent Engine Sessions and Memory Bank in Vertex AI express mode without billing.	Agent Development Kit -- Vertex AI Agent Engine Sessions and Memory Bank in Vertex AI express mode.
Build agents with OSS frameworks	Build and deploy agents using the OneTwo open-source framework.	Blog post - OneTwo and Vertex AI Agent Engine: exploring advanced AI agent development on Google Cloud
Build and deploy agents using the LangGraph open-source framework.	Vertex AI SDK for Python notebook - Building and Deploying a LangGraph Application with Vertex AI Agent Engine
Debugging and optimizing agents	Build and trace agents using OpenTelemetry and Cloud Trace.	Vertex AI SDK for Python notebook - Debugging and Optimizing Agents: A Guide to Tracing in Vertex AI Agent Engine
Enterprise security

Vertex AI Agent Engine supports VPC Service Controls to strengthen data security and mitigate the risks of data exfiltration. When VPC Service Controls is configured, the deployed agent retains secure access to Google APIs and services, such as BigQuery API, Cloud SQL Admin API, and Vertex AI API, verifying seamless operation within your defined perimeter. Critically, VPC Service Controls effectively blocks all public internet access, confining data movement to your authorized network boundaries and significantly enhancing your enterprise security posture.

Note: If you use Vertex AI Agent Engine in a VPC-SC environment, you must create an ingress rule in your perimeter to allow ingress from the Reasoning Engine Service Agent (service-PROJECT_NUMBER@gcp-sa-aiplatform-re.iam.gserviceaccount.com) to storage.googleapis.com service and artifactregistry.googleapis.com service.
Supported regions

Vertex AI Agent Engine is supported in the following regions:

Region	Location	Supported versions
us-central1	Iowa	v1 is supported for GA features. v1beta1 is supported for Preview features.
us-east4	Northern Virginia	v1 is supported for GA features. v1beta1 is supported for Preview features.
us-west1	Oregon	v1 is supported for GA features. v1beta1 is supported for Preview features.
europe-west1	Belgium	v1 is supported for GA features. v1beta1 is supported for Preview features.
europe-west2	London	v1 is supported for GA features. v1beta1 is supported for Preview features.
europe-west3	Frankfurt	v1 is supported for GA features. v1beta1 is supported for Preview features.
europe-west4	Netherlands	v1 is supported for GA features. v1beta1 is supported for Preview features.
europe-southwest1	Madrid	v1 is supported for GA features. v1beta1 is supported for Preview features.
asia-east1	Taiwan	v1 is supported for GA features. v1beta1 is supported for Preview features.
asia-northeast1	Tokyo	v1 is supported for GA features. v1beta1 is supported for Preview features.
asia-south1	Mumbai	v1 is supported for GA features. v1beta1 is supported for Preview features.
asia-southeast1	Singapore	v1 is supported for GA features. v1beta1 is supported for Preview features.
australia-southeast2	Melbourne	v1 is supported for GA features. v1beta1 is supported for Preview features.

For Agent Engine Memory Bank (Preview), the following regions are supported:

Region	Location	Supported versions
us-central1	Iowa	v1beta1 version is supported.
Quota
The following limits apply to Vertex AI Agent Engine for a given project in each region:
Description	Limit
Create, delete, or update Vertex AI Agent Engine per minute	10
Create, delete, or update Vertex AI Agent Engine sessions per minute	100
Create, delete, or update Vertex AI Agent Engine sessions per minute	100
Query or StreamQuery Vertex AI Agent Engine per minute	60
Append event to Vertex AI Agent Engine sessions per minute	100
Maximum number of Vertex AI Agent Engine resources	100
Create, delete, or update Vertex AI Agent Engine memory resources per minute	100
Get, list, or retrieve from Vertex AI Agent Engine Memory Bank per minute	300
Pricing

Pricing is based on compute (vCPU hours) and memory (GiB hours) resources used by the agents that are deployed to the Vertex AI Agent Engine managed runtime.

Product	SKU ID	Price
ReasoningEngine vCPU	8A55-0B95-B7DC	$0.0994/vCPU-Hr
ReasoningEngine Memory	0B45-6103-6EC1	$0.0105/GiB-Hr

For more information, see pricing.

What's next
Set up the environment.
Get support.
Was this helpful?
Send feedback

Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see the Google Developers Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Last updated 2025-07-08 UTC.

Why Google
Choosing Google Cloud
Trust and security
Modern Infrastructure Cloud
Multicloud
Global infrastructure
Customers and case studies
Analyst reports
Whitepapers
Products and pricing
See all products
See all solutions
Google Cloud for Startups
Google Cloud Marketplace
Google Cloud pricing
Contact sales
Support
Google Cloud Community
Support
Release Notes
System status
Resources
GitHub
Getting Started with Google Cloud
Google Cloud documentation
Code samples
Cloud Architecture Center
Training and Certification
Developer Center
Engage
Blog
Events
X (Twitter)
Google Cloud on YouTube
Google Cloud Tech on YouTube
Become a Partner
Google Cloud Affiliate Program
Press Corner
About Google
Privacy
Site terms
Google Cloud terms
Our third decade of climate action: join us
Sign up for the Google Cloud newsletter
Subscribe